The Battle of Neighborhoods - Business Problem / Introduction

INTRODUCTION
We aim to assist people in dicovering better facilities around their neighbourhood. It will assist people making smart and efficient decisions on choosing
great neighbourhood in Toronto. 

This project is for those people who are looking for better neighborhoods. For ease of accessing to Cafe, School, Super market, medical shops, 
grocery shops, mall, theatre, hospital, like minded people, etc.

This Project aim to create an analysis of features for a people migrating to Toronto to search a best neighborhood as a comparative analysis between neighborhoods. 
The features include median housing price and better school according to ratings, crime rates of that particular area, road connectivity, weather conditions, 
good management for emergency, water resources both freash and waste water and excrement conveyed in sewers and recreational facilities.


PROBLEM WHICH WE TRY TO SOLVE
We try to compare the neighbourhoods from New York and Toronto city, and found their similarities and dissimilarities. 
The major purpose of this project, is to suggest a better neighborhood in a new city for the person who are shiffting there. 
Social presence in society in terms of like minded people.
Connectivity to the airport, bus stand, city center, markets and other daily needs things nearby.

THE LOCATION
Fashion District/Entertainment District, and some neighbourhoods such as East York, North York are some popular destinations for new immigrants in Canada to reside. As a result, it is one of the most diverse and multicultural areas in the Greater Toronto Area, being home to various religious groups and places of worship. 
Although immigration has become a hot topic over the past few years with more governments seeking more restrictions on immigrants and refugees, 
the general trend of immigration into Canada has been one of on the rise.

FOURSQUARE API
We use Foursquare API as the primary data gathering sources as it has a databases of millions of places. 

CLUSTERING APPROACH
To compare the similarities of two cities, we decided to explore neighborhoods, segment them, 
and group them into clusters to find similar neighborhoods in a big city like New York and Toronto. 
To be able to do that, we need to cluster data which is a form of unsupervised machine learning: k-means clustering algorithm
